He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
She was too short to see over the fence.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
Please wait outside of the house.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
So long and thanks for the fish.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
The lake is a long way from here.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
The book is in front of the table.
Love is not like pizza.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.